Let's talk now about use and suspense.
We've been talking about on and off for years
at this point about suspense.
They announced it forever ago.
And then it's feel like they got really close to releasing it.
They're like, no, we don't wanna release it.
And then they're kind of coming back
and ready to release it again.
And kind of what they're recommending is like,
we don't really want you to use suspense directly.
We want you to use things that use suspense for you.
So it's kind of a strange API,
but they're getting closer and React 19
it'll finally be stable.
And I'm gonna show you how to use it kind of,
yeah, I'm gonna show you how to use it today.
So one of the cool things is it's actually usable
by 10 stack query.
They'll use it for you, which is pretty cool.
So we're gonna do that.
So I want you to head over to
app.jsx.
And we're gonna give this some configuration
to query client here.
And we're gonna say default options,
queries.
And we're gonna say experimental prefetch in render.
And we're gonna set that to be true.
All right, let's go back to past.jsx.
Sorry, past.lazy.jsx.
And we're gonna import a couple of things up here
from React.
We're gonna import a use state,
which we have already, so I don't need to do that.
But we're gonna import suspense with a capital S and use.
Just use.
So,
so,
we wanna show like a really nice loading page
that's not like this one
when we're loading past orders.
So here inside of this error wrapped post storage,
we're gonna abuse this higher level component a little bit
and put some more stuff in here.
So one, we're gonna move page just up into this component.
And we're gonna move our use query here
as well up into that, right?
Yep.
Now, the interesting thing that we're gonna do here
is I'm gonna just call this loading promise, loaded promise.
And then just here before the semicolon,
I wanna put dot promise.
This is gonna give you access directly to the promise
of this use query that it's generating.
And then inside of here,
so inside of the error boundary,
I'm gonna put one called suspense.
And I'm gonna give it a fallback.
Something nice like, hey, I'm loading.
So I'm gonna say,
div class name equals past orders
and h2 of loading past orders.
And then outside of that,
I'm gonna say close suspense.
Oh, this also needs to be closed.
Okay.
Now that I'm tracking page and the promise outside of this,
I have to pass this into past orders here.
So I'm gonna say loaded promise equals loaded promise
and page equals page.
Bear with me.
We're getting there.
All right.
So now we have this promise being passed in.
Do I have to pass in set page as well?
I do.
You have to pass in set page.
So page and set page, sorry.
So we're passing in loaded promise, page, set page.
You can ignore these props
because there's not actually any props that we care about,
but they were there for me previously putting them there.
So if you want to, you can leave them there.
Okay.
This loaded promise represents the data
that's going to be there eventually, right?
So it's a promise of the data that's coming.
So what I need you to do is I need you to say,
const data equals use data.
This has to be coming from props.
So we have to destructure this.
So we're gonna put page, set page and loaded promise
and data equals use loaded promise.
There are too many parentheses here.
There we go.
So this is the line that I'm concerned
that you might be looking at like, what the hell is that?
So follow with me for a second.
Suspense is basically saying like,
here is a boundary that stuff inside of it might be loading.
When it's loading, render the fallback.
When it's not loading, render whatever is inside of it.
What we're doing here is we are passing in
a promise of the data.
So the reason why we brought this outside
of the suspense boundary is we don't want,
it's like works like the error boundary
that this has to exist outside of the rendering thing
because it can't render if it's like not working, right?
I guess we have to pass in the is loading.
I guess you can just delete this loading thing
because this will never hit.
So you can delete that.
We're passing in this promise, this loaded promise.
And what's happening is this use,
this is another React thing.
It says like, all right, if this promise is not loaded yet,
suspend this component.
Don't render it, stop here
and tell that suspense component above me,
I'm still loading, right?
So it's going to hit this line.
It's actually probably good if you can put this line first
because you wanna run as little code as possible here.
It's going to go back up as like, hey, suspense, I'm loading.
And then it's gonna load this fallback for you.
Eventually, when this promise resolves,
it's gonna be like, cool, I'm good now.
And then it's gonna let this continue rendering.
Now what's cool about that is what happens later
when we set the page to be something different again,
it's gonna send it back to suspense
and then it's gonna go back and forth.
Is this better than what we had?
Maybe, I think so.
Because now this component has no concept of loading.
Like once it unsuspends itself,
the data is all loaded and this reads like,
it's all just like linear loaded code.
I think it's kind of nice.
If you can get past this, like this is kind of a weird API.
But you can, some people put like one suspense
at the top level of their app and it's like,
this is a loading state for my entire app.
It's not the most user friendly thing,
but you could do it that way.
And some people will do it like this
where it's more localized.
So, I mean, let's make sure
that I'm not telling you all lies, that could happen.
This was past orders.
So loading past orders,
and load it.
Same thing, if we hit next,
it's gonna go back to this loading past orders thing
and then it's done.
And then because it's 10 stack query, it's all cached well.
So you don't hit that loading state again.
I think this is quite nice.
Another kind of fun fact,
I wonder if I, can I do this really quick here?
I don't have it in here.
But let's go look at header.
Yeah, header JX really quick.
They may use do several things.
Like it's become this like, there it is.
Where we have use context here.
You can also just use it with use now
and do this.
Surprise, you might say who cares
and it's a fair thing to say,
but that you can now do that with React 19.